Add agent config `PROPERTIES_REPORT_PERIOD_FACTOR `, Avoid the instanceTraffic record properties is null. (#5688)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/service-agent/java-agent/README.md

`osinfo.ipv4_list_size`| Limit the length of the ipv4 list size. |`10`|
`collector.grpc_channel_check_interval`|grpc channel status check interval.|`30`|
`collector.heartbeat_period`|agent heartbeat report period. Unit, second.|`30`|

> `collector.times_send_properties`|How many times do report a properties to the backend, Each time interval is {@link Collector#HEARTBEAT_PERIOD} |`10`|

Reviewer: It's hard to express this config item properly, but this statement is abs. not what you really mean, according to the logic, it should be

```suggestion
`collector.times_send_properties`|The agent sends the instance properties to the backend every `collector.heartbeat_period * collector.times_send_properties` seconds |`10`|
```

Reviewer 2: I prefer `collector.times_send_properties` to `collector.properties_report_period_factor`
